today many people use their credit card
to buy everything it's so easy to let
the credit card pay instead of taking it
from your bank I'll pay it later you say
then the bill arrives and you realize
that money is a bit short this month so
you pay the minimum a quick and slippery
slope causes you to be in a cycle of
minimum payments making these companies
richer and richer
what are you financing you came here for
the truth today we're going to talk
about this issue with Millennials in
particular let's begin looking at this
article out of market watch Millennials
want luxury sheets exercise bikes and
music festival tickets but they don't
always have enough cash or a desire to
put them on a credit card so they turn
to even more expensive method of payment
and that is financing so recently PayPal
and other companies have created
installment plans to give their
customers an option to finance think
about this for a moment here you want to
buy a blender you don't have to have
that money right now you don't even need
to put it on a credit card well you'll
have to pay it within a month you can
simply stall these payments way off into
the future
financing allows people to purchase
things using a very small amount of
money upfront and then of course over a
long period of time and spending much
more money because of compounding
interest this is the way that the
financial system works it operates based
on these principles and this has been a
method for companies to use to make
bundles and bundles of money don't get
caught in the traps these payment
methods have taken hold at a time when
Millennials have been more reluctant
than their parents to use the credit
cards Millennials had about two credit
cards on average last year according to
the credit reporting company and
essentially what has happened is there
is more debt and I'll show you that
statistic in just a moment here let me
flip through that some consumers have
shown that they tend to overspend
Americans now have more than one
trillion dollars in outstanding
revolving debt that's basically
credit-card debt okay imagine that one
trillion dollars then you have student
loan debt which is something along the
lines of 11.5 trillion dollars people
are indebted like they never have been
in history and this goes compared to
their earnings compared to you know
inflationary taking that four into
account this is the most ever and people
aren't really worried about that because
they say somebody else is going to have
to take care of it I'm not really
concerned but ultimately that is a
burden that you have on your shoulders
over time you can carry some that if you
have a mortgage for example and you tend
to pay that off as quickly as possible
but carrying that for a long period of
time intentionally I believe is not a
very good idea
the Millennials in the room will
disagree with me and please post your
comments down below as to why that's the
case I believe that a lot of people
don't care they say esta system there
are another group of people which say
that there will be hyperinflation
therefore we should rack up as much debt
as possible and what I would suggest to
people is to look at Mike Maloney and
Mike Maloney in his book he describes
that there will be a deflationary event
a real deflation followed by central
bank reaction where they will
hyperinflation sees I agree with this
you know I've taken a look at this
myself I've been really sitting down
thinking about all the different
possibilities and at this time I'm
sticking with that I do believe it is
accurate that there will be a real
deflation in the markets then as that
happened the Federal Reserve the ECB the
Bank of Japan and the rest they all put
the printing presses on full-blast
enough to make these recent money
printing schemes QE make it look like
nothing so that's what I'm seeing and in
that deflation I think a lot of people
are going to be destroyed and then
they'll be destroyed in a different way
within the hyperinflation if you think
that you're going to hyper inflate your
debt away and you are saved I really
think that you haven't thought this
through
or you literally just need to spend ten
minutes and think about that put your
computer away put your phone away put
all your distractions away spend ten
minutes thinking about the results of a
hyperinflation I assure you there may be
some more thinking to do I do believe
that people will be hurt very badly by a
hyperinflation nobody does well in it
except those holding real assets now if
somehow you use your credit card to buy
millions of dollars worth of assets and
you decide to sit on that and become a
billionaire one day you know maybe but
the vast but I don't recommend that by
the way the vast majority of people are
using their debt like credit cards to
buy liabilities to buy iPhones and to
buying silly things and I think that
people should be able to do so of course
do whatever you want however I just am
very concerned about the welfare of
these individuals because they're going
to be hurt very badly by this all right
nearly half of student loan borrowers
graduate school owing at least $20,000
that double the share of borrowers a
decade ago think about that a decade ago
we're looking at just before the
financial crisis it seems like just
yesterday for myself anyway and already
they have double why because everything
is better today no it's quite the
opposite everything is worse today but
people don't want to admit that they
just take on more debt and allow this
stupid scheme to continue here's that
number here 1.4 trillion in student
loans that's fine if you need to carry
student loan or that just happens to be
you there's nothing to be ashamed about
okay there's nothing to be worried I'm
not choosing anybody anything I think
you just need to realize that this is a
burden and it should be dealt with
appropriately now people feel that
they're paying
act into the bankers like as if they're
stealing money from the bankers and then
laugh all their way away from the bank I
guess you could say but essentially they
feel like they're the ones gaining but
you're going to pay that back if you
take a $1,000 loan out and you have to
pay at interest 10% 20% whatever they're
charging you that's going to add up very
quickly you're not going to win how
about if the hyperinflation is not for
another 10 15 years think about those
people who carried all that debt from
2007 to 2017 10 years of debt they
carried it all the way through and
they're paying interest this whole time
it's not a good idea
you're really is it you don't know when
this all will happen you don't know how
the events will unfold so why not just
become self-sufficient that's when I
talk about all the time you hear me
constantly talking about this because we
don't know what's going to happen I
agree with Nassim Taleb
he's famous for saying I don't know what
kind of person in an interview repeats
himself by saying I don't know I don't
know but I think he's he's right nobody
knows anybody who thinks they know are
really just lying to you we're all just
guessing we can take good educated
guesses based on what we see in history
piecing together information but
ultimately we don't really know nobody
knows so essentially when you go to a
methods of self-sufficiency that is for
example instead of paying electricity
bills every month you know what if that
electricity bill doubled you get your
bill all of a sudden twice as much as it
was are you going to be able to afford
everything some people they're fine
other people they're not fine because
their paycheck to paycheck and
everything is scheduled out so they sort
of make these estimates and they push
themselves to the edge so what do they
have to do is answer take a loan then
they have to pay back the interest and
so on you see where I'm getting it but
if you had for example solar panels or
you had geothermal or you had some sort
of method that would be able to make
yourself self-sufficient or at least
left a pen
it's on the system the grid or whatever
you want to call it then I believe that
you as an individual will be much better
off you'll be able to take all the
swings that are happening in the markets
the up to downs and you can simply sit
back and just say I don't want any part
of it and you don't have to have it you
don't have to be a part of it that's the
good thing about this so that's my
method that's what I teach is called the
money GPS strategy and that's all if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up remember that at this
time right now your support means more
than it ever has
YouTube has demonetized my channel I did
a video just yesterday about basically a
positive messages what do you want and
like do you want money do you want fame
you want success health happiness and
needy monetize it okay so it's not about
the content that I do clearly although
my kitten video was still monetized
which I find interesting but essentially
the money's gone
so there wasn't much money to begin with
but the money that was there is gone so
anybody that says that I'm doing this
for the money you know you know where to
go it's not coming in what I would just
ask from everybody is that they just
support me through comments leaving my
you know positive messages and help me
continue this on of course I want to
thank everybody who has donated to me I
think that these people everybody I mean
showing truly that you care about the
truth that's what it tells me people are
dying for the truth out there and I just
I'm appreciative that's all I'll end it
there if you found the video informative
please give me a thumbs up and last but
not least if you found this video
informative I know you will find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative you can actually flip
through these books and amazon the first
book is about the four asset classes and
how to profit from them whereas my new
release is about tax incentives reducing
luckily expenses and most importantly
becoming self-sufficient so I talked
about solar panels and other things in
there as well so links are in the
description below to get to Amazon you
can flip through the books over there
for yourself
take care